AS THE WORLD PAUSES TO HONOR THE QUEEN OF SOUL WHO DIED TODAY AT
QUEEN OF SOUL WHO DIED TODAY AT 76.
76. WE START WITH OUR NBC NEWS
WE START WITH OUR NBC NEWS EXCLUSIVE.
EXCLUSIVE. A NEW SECRETLY RECORDED TAPE
A NEW SECRETLY RECORDED TAPE FROM INSIDE THE WORLD OF DONALD
FROM INSIDE THE WORLD OF DONALD TRUMP AND AN INTERVIEW WITH A
TRUMP AND AN INTERVIEW WITH A FORMER WHITE HOUSE AIDE WHO MADE
FORMER WHITE HOUSE AIDE WHO MADE THAT TAPE, OMAROSA MANIGAULT
THAT TAPE, OMAROSA MANIGAULT NEWMAN.
NEWMAN. THE NEW TAPE INVOLVES A
THE NEW TAPE INVOLVES A CONVERSATION WITH PRESIDENT
CONVERSATION WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP’S DAUGHTER-IN-LAW AND
TRUMP’S DAUGHTER-IN-LAW AND CAMPAIGN ADVISER, LARA TRUMP,
CAMPAIGN ADVISER, LARA TRUMP, ONE THAT’S DETAILED IN HER NEW
ONE THAT’S DETAILED IN HER NEW MEMOIR, IT’S CALLED "UNHINGED."
MEMOIR, IT’S CALLED "UNHINGED." JUST DAYS AFTER SHE WAS FIRED
JUST DAYS AFTER SHE WAS FIRED FROM THE WHITE HOUSE, A FEW
FROM THE WHITE HOUSE, A FEW NOTES, FIRST OF ALL, ON WHAT YOU
NOTES, FIRST OF ALL, ON WHAT YOU WILL SOON HERE.
WILL SOON HERE. OMAROSA GAVE NBC NEWS FOUR AUDIO
OMAROSA GAVE NBC NEWS FOUR AUDIO CLIPS.
CLIPS. WE’RE GOING TO PLAY THEM BACK TO
WE’RE GOING TO PLAY THEM BACK TO YOU.
YOU. OUR PRODUCER HAS HEARD THE FULL
OUR PRODUCER HAS HEARD THE FULL VERSION OF THAT TAPE.
VERSION OF THAT TAPE. WE CAN TELL YOU THAT THESE CLIPS
WE CAN TELL YOU THAT THESE CLIPS ARE IN PROPER CONTEXT.
ARE IN PROPER CONTEXT. ALSO, DURING THE AUDIO YOU’RE
ALSO, DURING THE AUDIO YOU’RE ABOUT TO HEAR, LARA TRUMP
ABOUT TO HEAR, LARA TRUMP MENTIONS A "NEW YORK TIMES"
MENTIONS A "NEW YORK TIMES" ARTICLE.
ARTICLE. NBC NEWS BELIEVES IT IS THIS
NBC NEWS BELIEVES IT IS THIS ARTICLE, PUBLISHED ONE DAY
ARTICLE, PUBLISHED ONE DAY BEFORE THIS CONVERSATION TOOK
BEFORE THIS CONVERSATION TOOK PLACE.
PLACE. THE HEADLINE, ONLY ROSA, LEAVING
THE HEADLINE, ONLY ROSA, LEAVING THE WHITE HOUSE, SUGGESTS THE
THE WHITE HOUSE, SUGGESTS THE SHOW WILL GO ON, IN WHICH SHE
SHOW WILL GO ON, IN WHICH SHE SUGGESTS SHE HAS A STORY TO
SUGGESTS SHE HAS A STORY TO TELL.
TELL. LET’S GET RIGHT TO OUR GUEST.
LET’S GET RIGHT TO OUR GUEST. FORMER WHITE HOUSE AIDE TO
FORMER WHITE HOUSE AIDE TO PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP, ALSO,
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP, ALSO, PERHAPS YOU’VE HEARD, AUTHOR OF
PERHAPS YOU’VE HEARD, AUTHOR OF A NEW BOOK.
A NEW BOOK. BEFORE WE GET TO THE AUDIO, I
BEFORE WE GET TO THE AUDIO, I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE TIMING
WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE TIMING OF THE RELEASE OF THESE TAPES.
OF THE RELEASE OF THESE TAPES. WHY TODAY?
WHY TODAY? >> I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT, AS
>> I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT, AS PEOPLE QUESTION THE CREDIBILITY
PEOPLE QUESTION THE CREDIBILITY OF EVERYTHING THAT YOU SEE IN
OF EVERYTHING THAT YOU SEE IN "HUNDRED"
"HUNDRED" "UNHINGED," THAT’S WHAT THE
"UNHINGED," THAT’S WHAT THE RIGHT IS SAYING.
RIGHT IS SAYING. NONE OF THESE STORIES ARE TRUE.
NONE OF THESE STORIES ARE TRUE. SHE DOESN’T HAVE CREDIBILITY.
SHE DOESN’T HAVE CREDIBILITY. AND I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT NOT
AND I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT NOT ONLY TO POINT TO THESE THINGS,
ONLY TO POINT TO THESE THINGS, BUT TO ALSO BLOW THE WHISTLE ON
BUT TO ALSO BLOW THE WHISTLE ON THE CORRUPTION OF THE THINGS
THE CORRUPTION OF THE THINGS THAT ARE GOING ON IN THIS
THAT ARE GOING ON IN THIS FAMILY, IN THIS ADMINISTRATION
FAMILY, IN THIS ADMINISTRATION AND IN THIS CAMPAIGN.
AND IN THIS CAMPAIGN. >> LET’S PLAY THE AUDIO.
>> LET’S PLAY THE AUDIO. TO BE CLEAR TO OUR VIEWERS, TO
TO BE CLEAR TO OUR VIEWERS, TO BE CLEAR TO OUR LISTENERS AS
BE CLEAR TO OUR LISTENERS AS WELL, YOU’VE PROVIDED FOUR
WELL, YOU’VE PROVIDED FOUR CLIPS.
CLIPS. YOU SELECTED THESE CLIPS FROM A
YOU SELECTED THESE CLIPS FROM A CONVERSATION YOU HAD WITH LARA
CONVERSATION YOU HAD WITH LARA TRUMP.
TRUMP. ALL OF THESE CHARACTERIZED
ALL OF THESE CHARACTERIZED TOWARDS THE END OF YOUR BOOK.
TOWARDS THE END OF YOUR BOOK. TAKE A LISTEN.
TAKE A LISTEN. >> LISTEN, OBVIOUSLY, WITH,
>> LISTEN, OBVIOUSLY, WITH, LIKE, "THE NEW YORK TIMES"
LIKE, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" ARTICLE AND STUFF, YOU KNOW,
ARTICLE AND STUFF, YOU KNOW, IT’S, IT’S --
IT’S, IT’S -- >> WHAT’S THE NEW YORK TIME
>> WHAT’S THE NEW YORK TIME ARTICLE?
ARTICLE? >> THE ONE THAT -- THE ONE
>> THE ONE THAT -- THE ONE THAT -- IT WAS IN "THE NEW YORK
THAT -- IT WAS IN "THE NEW YORK TIMES."
TIMES." THEY WROTE ABOUT YOU.
THEY WROTE ABOUT YOU. IT SOUNDS A LITTLE LIKE,
IT SOUNDS A LITTLE LIKE, OBVIOUSLY, THAT THERE ARE SOME
OBVIOUSLY, THAT THERE ARE SOME THINGS YOU’VE GOT IN THE BACK
THINGS YOU’VE GOT IN THE BACK POCKET TO PULL OUT.
POCKET TO PULL OUT. CLEARLY, IF YOU COME ON BOARD
CLEARLY, IF YOU COME ON BOARD THE CAMPAIGN, LIKE, WE CAN’T
THE CAMPAIGN, LIKE, WE CAN’T HAVE -- WE GOT TO --
HAVE -- WE GOT TO -- >> OH, GOD, NO --
>> OH, GOD, NO -- >> -- EVERYBODY POSITIVE, RIGHT?
>> -- EVERYBODY POSITIVE, RIGHT? SO THE ONLY THING THAT WE HAVE
SO THE ONLY THING THAT WE HAVE TO CONSIDER, WHERE WE’RE TALKING
TO CONSIDER, WHERE WE’RE TALKING SALARY, AS FAR AS THE CAMPAIGN
SALARY, AS FAR AS THE CAMPAIGN IS CONCERNED IS THAT, AS YOU
IS CONCERNED IS THAT, AS YOU KNOW, EVERYTHING IS PUBLIC.
KNOW, EVERYTHING IS PUBLIC. UM, AND THAT ALL THE MONEY THAT
UM, AND THAT ALL THE MONEY THAT WE RAISE AND THAT PAYS SALARIES
WE RAISE AND THAT PAYS SALARIES IS DIRECTLY FROM DONORS.
IS DIRECTLY FROM DONORS. SMALL DONOR DOLLARS FOR THE MOST
SMALL DONOR DOLLARS FOR THE MOST PART.
PART. SO I KNOW YOU WERE MAKING 179 AT
SO I KNOW YOU WERE MAKING 179 AT THE WHITE HOUSE.
THE WHITE HOUSE. AND I THINK WE CAN WORK
AND I THINK WE CAN WORK SOMETHING OUT WHERE WE KEEP YOU
SOMETHING OUT WHERE WE KEEP YOU RIGHT ALONG THOSE LINES.
RIGHT ALONG THOSE LINES. UM, SPECIFICALLY, LET ME SEE, I
UM, SPECIFICALLY, LET ME SEE, I HAVEN’T EVEN ADDED UP THE
HAVEN’T EVEN ADDED UP THE NUMBERS.
NUMBERS. BUT WE WERE TALKING ABOUT, LIKE,
BUT WE WERE TALKING ABOUT, LIKE, 15K A MONTH.
15K A MONTH. UM, LET ME SEE WHAT THAT ADDS UP
UM, LET ME SEE WHAT THAT ADDS UP TO.
TO. TIMES 12.
TIMES 12. YES, THAT’S $180,000.
YES, THAT’S $180,000. DOES THAT SOUND LIKE A FAIR DEAL
DOES THAT SOUND LIKE A FAIR DEAL FOR YOU?
FOR YOU? IN TERMS OF YOUR POSITION,
IN TERMS OF YOUR POSITION, SPECIFICALLY, I REALLY FEEL LIKE
SPECIFICALLY, I REALLY FEEL LIKE YOUR POSITION WOULD REQUIRE, YOU
YOUR POSITION WOULD REQUIRE, YOU KNOW, YOU TO BE ABLE TO BE
KNOW, YOU TO BE ABLE TO BE FLEXIBLE IN TERMS OF WHERE YOU
FLEXIBLE IN TERMS OF WHERE YOU ARE.
ARE. SOMETIMES, YOU KNOW, COME TO
SOMETIMES, YOU KNOW, COME TO NEW YORK FOR OCCASIONAL
NEW YORK FOR OCCASIONAL MEETINGS.
MEETINGS. BUT I WOULD LOVE, IF YOU COULD,
BUT I WOULD LOVE, IF YOU COULD, YOU KNOW, OCCASIONALLY GO DO
YOU KNOW, OCCASIONALLY GO DO SPEAKING ENGAGEMENTS AND THAT
SPEAKING ENGAGEMENTS AND THAT SORT OF THING FOR US.
SORT OF THING FOR US. I THINK YOU’D BE AWESOME DOING
I THINK YOU’D BE AWESOME DOING THAT.
THAT. SO IT DOESN’T REALLY MATTER
SO IT DOESN’T REALLY MATTER WHERE YOU ARE.
WHERE YOU ARE. IF YOU’RE COMFORTABLE STAYING IN
IF YOU’RE COMFORTABLE STAYING IN D.C., THEN, YOU KNOW, YOU’RE,
D.C., THEN, YOU KNOW, YOU’RE, WE’RE MORE THAN HAPPY TO HAVE
WE’RE MORE THAN HAPPY TO HAVE YOU --
YOU -- >> WE SHOULD POINT OUT HERE, NO
>> WE SHOULD POINT OUT HERE, NO RESPONSE SO FAR FROM LARA TRUMP
RESPONSE SO FAR FROM LARA TRUMP OR THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN.
OR THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. WE HAVE REACHED OUT FOR A
WE HAVE REACHED OUT FOR A COMMENT.
COMMENT. WE’LL TALK ABOUT THE CONTENT OF
WE’LL TALK ABOUT THE CONTENT OF THE TAPE IN JUST A MOMENT.
THE TAPE IN JUST A MOMENT. BUT FIRST OF ALL, WHY GIVE US
BUT FIRST OF ALL, WHY GIVE US THOSE FOUR?
THOSE FOUR? >> WELL, FIRST OF ALL, I PLAYED
>> WELL, FIRST OF ALL, I PLAYED THE FULL ENTIRE CONVERSATION FOR
THE FULL ENTIRE CONVERSATION FOR YOUR PRODUCERS BECAUSE THAT WAS
YOUR PRODUCERS BECAUSE THAT WAS IMPORTANT FOR THEM TO VERIFY,
IMPORTANT FOR THEM TO VERIFY, BUT I REALLY WANTED TO SHOW
BUT I REALLY WANTED TO SHOW EVERYTHING IN THIS BOOK,
EVERYTHING IN THIS BOOK, EVERYTHING YOU SEE IN QUOTATIONS
EVERYTHING YOU SEE IN QUOTATIONS CAN BE VERIFIED, HAS BEEN
CAN BE VERIFIED, HAS BEEN CORROBORATED AND IS DOCUMENTED.
CORROBORATED AND IS DOCUMENTED. AND THESE CLIPS ARE SPECIFICALLY
AND THESE CLIPS ARE SPECIFICALLY THE OUTLINE OF THE SCENE.
THE OUTLINE OF THE SCENE. >> CAN YOU CHARACTERIZE WHAT WAS
>> CAN YOU CHARACTERIZE WHAT WAS LEFT OUT OF THE TAPE WE PLAYED
LEFT OUT OF THE TAPE WE PLAYED VERSUS THE TAPE OUR PRODUCER
VERSUS THE TAPE OUR PRODUCER LISTENED TO?
LISTENED TO? >> THERE WAS A LOT OF BACK AND
>> THERE WAS A LOT OF BACK AND FORTH.
FORTH. I HAD A CLOSE RELATIONSHIP WITH
I HAD A CLOSE RELATIONSHIP WITH THIS FAMILY.
THIS FAMILY. SHE REITERATED DONALD TRUMP
SHE REITERATED DONALD TRUMP LOVED ME, THIS FAMILY LOVED ME,
LOVED ME, THIS FAMILY LOVED ME, THAT THEY WANTED THE BEST FOR
THAT THEY WANTED THE BEST FOR ME.
ME. THEY WANTED ME TO COME IN.
THEY WANTED ME TO COME IN. SHE MADE IT VERY CLEAR IF I
SHE MADE IT VERY CLEAR IF I JOINED THIS CAMPAIGN, THAT I
JOINED THIS CAMPAIGN, THAT I WOULD HAVE TO BE QUIET.
WOULD HAVE TO BE QUIET. I WOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO TALK TO
I WOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO TALK TO REPORTERS.
REPORTERS. I WOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO SAY
I WOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO SAY ANYTHING AGAINST DONALD TRUMP.
ANYTHING AGAINST DONALD TRUMP. AS SHE STATED FROM HER -- IN HER
AS SHE STATED FROM HER -- IN HER OWN WORDS, HAD TO KEEP IT
OWN WORDS, HAD TO KEEP IT POSITIVE.
POSITIVE. YOU CAN’T BE TALKING ABOUT THESE
YOU CAN’T BE TALKING ABOUT THESE THINGS.
THINGS. WHAT IS THIS THING YOU HAVE IN
WHAT IS THIS THING YOU HAVE IN YOUR BACK POCKET?
YOUR BACK POCKET? I SAW THIS AS AN ATTEMPT TO BUY
I SAW THIS AS AN ATTEMPT TO BUY MY SILENCE.
MY SILENCE. SO CENSOR ME.
SO CENSOR ME. AND TO PAY ME OFF $15,000 PER
AND TO PAY ME OFF $15,000 PER MONTH BY THE CAMPAIGN.
MONTH BY THE CAMPAIGN. >> YOU SAW THIS AS HUSH MONEY?
>> YOU SAW THIS AS HUSH MONEY? >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. >> WHY DO YOU THINK LARA TRUMP
>> WHY DO YOU THINK LARA TRUMP MADE THIS OFFER TO YOU?
MADE THIS OFFER TO YOU? IF THEY JUST FIRED YOU, WHY
IF THEY JUST FIRED YOU, WHY OFFER YOU $15,000 A MONTH TO
OFFER YOU $15,000 A MONTH TO COME ON IN THIS AMBIGUOUS ROLE?
COME ON IN THIS AMBIGUOUS ROLE? >> THAT LEADS TO A LOT OF
>> THAT LEADS TO A LOT OF QUESTIONS.
QUESTIONS. THE PRESS HAS SAID HE’S HAPPY I
THE PRESS HAS SAID HE’S HAPPY I WAS FIRED, I’M A DOG, ALL THESE
WAS FIRED, I’M A DOG, ALL THESE THINGS.
THINGS. THEN YOU FIND OUT BEHIND THE
THEN YOU FIND OUT BEHIND THE SCENES THEY’RE SAYING HOW
SCENES THEY’RE SAYING HOW AWESOME I AM AND GREAT I AM AND
AWESOME I AM AND GREAT I AM AND I SHOULD COME ON THE CAMPAIGN.
I SHOULD COME ON THE CAMPAIGN. SO REALLY WHAT IS IT, WHICH ONE
SO REALLY WHAT IS IT, WHICH ONE OF IT IS IT?
OF IT IS IT? IS IT THAT THEY SUPPORTED ME OR
IS IT THAT THEY SUPPORTED ME OR THEY WANT ME OUT?
THEY WANT ME OUT? HE SAID I WAS HAPPY I WAS FIRED.
HE SAID I WAS HAPPY I WAS FIRED. AT FIRST HE SAID HE DIDN’T KNOW
AT FIRST HE SAID HE DIDN’T KNOW I WAS FIRED.
I WAS FIRED. THEN HE TWEETS HE WAS HAPPY I
THEN HE TWEETS HE WAS HAPPY I WAS DISMISSED.
WAS DISMISSED. THIS FAMILY CAN’T KEEP THEIR
THIS FAMILY CAN’T KEEP THEIR STORY STRAIGHT.
STORY STRAIGHT. THEY CAN’T DECIDE WHETHER THEY
THEY CAN’T DECIDE WHETHER THEY LOVE OR HATE PEOPLE.
LOVE OR HATE PEOPLE. THEY ACTUALLY MISREPRESENT THAT
THEY ACTUALLY MISREPRESENT THAT THEY’RE BEING HONEST TO THE
THEY’RE BEING HONEST TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
AMERICAN PEOPLE. THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING OF
THIS IS JUST THE BEGINNING OF THE TYPE OF CORRUPTION THAT’S
THE TYPE OF CORRUPTION THAT’S GOING ON IN TRUMP WORLD AND I AM
GOING ON IN TRUMP WORLD AND I AM HERE TO BLOW THE WHISTLE.
HERE TO BLOW THE WHISTLE. >> WHAT KIND OF OTHER
>> WHAT KIND OF OTHER CORRUPTION?
CORRUPTION? >> THERE ARE THINGS I WRITE
>> THERE ARE THINGS I WRITE ABOUT AND THERE ARE THINGS I’M
ABOUT AND THERE ARE THINGS I’M GOING TO SAVE TO SHARE WHEN THE
GOING TO SAVE TO SHARE WHEN THE TIME IS RIGHT.
TIME IS RIGHT. >> DID SHE EVER GIVE YOU A
>> DID SHE EVER GIVE YOU A REASON, LARA TRUMP, DURING A
REASON, LARA TRUMP, DURING A SUBSEQUENT CONVERSATION, DID SHE
SUBSEQUENT CONVERSATION, DID SHE GIVE YOU A REASON ABOUT THE
GIVE YOU A REASON ABOUT THE FIRING?
FIRING? OR WHY THEY WANTED YOU BACK NOW?
OR WHY THEY WANTED YOU BACK NOW? >> EVERYONE IN THE TRUMP FAMILY
>> EVERYONE IN THE TRUMP FAMILY CLAIMED TO NOT KNOW ABOUT MY
CLAIMED TO NOT KNOW ABOUT MY FIRING.
FIRING. FROM DONALD TRUMP TO IVANKA TO
FROM DONALD TRUMP TO IVANKA TO JARED TO LARA.
JARED TO LARA. NO ONE KNEW.
NO ONE KNEW. SO THEY CLAIM.
SO THEY CLAIM. I’M JUST NOT BUYING THAT.
I’M JUST NOT BUYING THAT. >> WHY DO YOU BELIEVE IT WAS
>> WHY DO YOU BELIEVE IT WAS LARA TRUMP THAT PICKED UP THE
LARA TRUMP THAT PICKED UP THE PHONE AND MADE THE CALL?
PHONE AND MADE THE CALL? WHY HER?
WHY HER? WHY A FAMILY MEMBER?
WHY A FAMILY MEMBER? WHY NOT A STAFFER OR SOMEONE
WHY NOT A STAFFER OR SOMEONE ELSE TO OFFER YOU THIS $15,000 A
ELSE TO OFFER YOU THIS $15,000 A MONTH?
MONTH? >> SHE WAS VERY SPECIFIC THAT,
>> SHE WAS VERY SPECIFIC THAT, AS WE CALL HIM, DJT, IT WAS
AS WE CALL HIM, DJT, IT WAS DONALD TRUMP THAT WANTED HIM TO
DONALD TRUMP THAT WANTED HIM TO MAKE THIS OFFER TO ME.
MAKE THIS OFFER TO ME. >> IT CAME FROM THE PRESIDENT?
>> IT CAME FROM THE PRESIDENT? >> THAT’S ACCORDING TO LARA
>> THAT’S ACCORDING TO LARA TRUMP, YES.
TRUMP, YES. >> AND YOU WOULD BE DOING WHAT
>> AND YOU WOULD BE DOING WHAT PRECISELY IN THIS NEW ROLE?
PRECISELY IN THIS NEW ROLE? >> SHE WAS VERY CAVALIER ABOUT
>> SHE WAS VERY CAVALIER ABOUT IT.
IT. SHE’S, LIKE, MAYBE YOU COULD DO
SHE’S, LIKE, MAYBE YOU COULD DO SOME INTERVIEWS.
SOME INTERVIEWS. OR MAYBE YOU COULD DO SOME
OR MAYBE YOU COULD DO SOME SPEECHES.
SPEECHES. YOU KNOW, YOU’RE VERY ARTICULATE
YOU KNOW, YOU’RE VERY ARTICULATE ARTICULATE.
ARTICULATE. >> SHE USED THAT WORD, SHE SAID
>> SHE USED THAT WORD, SHE SAID YOU’RE ARTICULATE?
YOU’RE ARTICULATE? >> SHE SAID YOU’RE ARTICULATE.
>> SHE SAID YOU’RE ARTICULATE. >> DID YOU FIND THAT OFFENSIVE?
>> DID YOU FIND THAT OFFENSIVE? >> MOST PEOPLE WOULDN’T REALIZE
>> MOST PEOPLE WOULDN’T REALIZE THAT IS AN INSULT TO
THAT IS AN INSULT TO AFRICAN-AMERICANS TO CALL US
AFRICAN-AMERICANS TO CALL US ARTICULATE, AS IF WE HAVEN’T
ARTICULATE, AS IF WE HAVEN’T MASTERED THE LANGUAGE OF THE
MASTERED THE LANGUAGE OF THE LAND.
LAND. I COULD BASICALLY DECIDE WHAT I
I COULD BASICALLY DECIDE WHAT I WANTED TO DO AND HOW I WANTED TO
WANTED TO DO AND HOW I WANTED TO DO IT.
DO IT. AS I STATED IN THE RECORDING IT
AS I STATED IN THE RECORDING IT DIDN’T EVEN MATTER WHERE I
DIDN’T EVEN MATTER WHERE I WORKED, HOW OFTEN I WORKED, WHAT
WORKED, HOW OFTEN I WORKED, WHAT I DID, AS LONG AS I SIGNED ON
I DID, AS LONG AS I SIGNED ON THE DOTTED LINE AND ACCEPTED
THE DOTTED LINE AND ACCEPTED THIS $15,000 A MONTH.
THIS $15,000 A MONTH. IT DIDN’T MATTER TO HER WHAT I
IT DIDN’T MATTER TO HER WHAT I DID, WHAT MY TITLE WAS OR WHAT
DID, WHAT MY TITLE WAS OR WHAT MY ROLE OR RESPONSIBILITY WOULD
MY ROLE OR RESPONSIBILITY WOULD BE IN THE CAMPAIGN.
BE IN THE CAMPAIGN. >> WE KNOW THAT YOU’VE TALKED TO
>> WE KNOW THAT YOU’VE TALKED TO THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE.
THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE. HAVE YOU BEEN CONTACTED SINCE
HAVE YOU BEEN CONTACTED SINCE YOU STARTED RELEASING THESE
YOU STARTED RELEASING THESE TAPES BY THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S
TAPES BY THE SPECIAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE AGAIN?
OFFICE AGAIN? >> NOW, YOU KNOW I CAN’T COMMENT
>> NOW, YOU KNOW I CAN’T COMMENT ON THAT.
ON THAT. >> YOU COULD.
>> YOU COULD. >> NOR CAN I COMMENT ON THE
>> NOR CAN I COMMENT ON THE ARBITRATION OR THE FACT THAT
ARBITRATION OR THE FACT THAT DONALD TRUMP HAS SICKED HIS
DONALD TRUMP HAS SICKED HIS ENTIRE FORCE OF HIS LEGAL TEAM
ENTIRE FORCE OF HIS LEGAL TEAM NOT ONLY ON ME BUT SENDING
NOT ONLY ON ME BUT SENDING THREATENING LETTERS TO THE
THREATENING LETTERS TO THE PUBLISHER.
PUBLISHER. HE IS COMPLETELY UNHINGED.
HE IS COMPLETELY UNHINGED. PARDON THE PUN, BUT WHAT YOU’RE
PARDON THE PUN, BUT WHAT YOU’RE SEEING IS THE UNRAVELING OF THE
SEEING IS THE UNRAVELING OF THE 45th PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
45th PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
STATES. >> WHY DO YOU THINK HE’S COMING
>> WHY DO YOU THINK HE’S COMING AFTER YOU SO AGGRESSIVELY?
AFTER YOU SO AGGRESSIVELY? >> WELL, BECAUSE HE THOUGHT HE
>> WELL, BECAUSE HE THOUGHT HE COULD DISMISS ME.
COULD DISMISS ME. YOU KNOW, HE THOUGHT THAT I
YOU KNOW, HE THOUGHT THAT I COULD BE DISPOSED OF.
COULD BE DISPOSED OF. BUT DONALD TRUMP IS WRONG.
BUT DONALD TRUMP IS WRONG. HE SHOULD NOT ONLY VALUE THE
HE SHOULD NOT ONLY VALUE THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN SO LOYAL TO
PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN SO LOYAL TO HIM, BUT HE SPECIFICALLY
HIM, BUT HE SPECIFICALLY REMEMBERS THE PEOPLE WHO GOT HIM
REMEMBERS THE PEOPLE WHO GOT HIM WHERE HE IS.
WHERE HE IS. >> I WANT TO PLAY SOMETHING YOU
>> I WANT TO PLAY SOMETHING YOU SAID ON OUR AIR THAT CAUGHT MY
SAID ON OUR AIR THAT CAUGHT MY ATTENTION.
ATTENTION. YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT THOSE
YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT THOSE HACKED E-MAILS.
HACKED E-MAILS. THOSE DNC E-MAILS.
THOSE DNC E-MAILS. HERE’S WHAT YOU SAID.
HERE’S WHAT YOU SAID. >> YOU WERE INSTRUCTED ACCORDING
>> YOU WERE INSTRUCTED ACCORDING TO YOUR BOOK TO BRING UP THE
TO YOUR BOOK TO BRING UP THE E-MAILS AT EVERY POINT YOU COULD
E-MAILS AT EVERY POINT YOU COULD AT THE END OF THE 2016
AT THE END OF THE 2016 CAMPAIGN --
CAMPAIGN -- >> THAT’S CORRECT.
>> THAT’S CORRECT. >> HILLARY CLINTON E-MAIL.
>> HILLARY CLINTON E-MAIL. >> YES.
>> YES. >> DID DONALD TRUMP KNOW ABOUT
>> DID DONALD TRUMP KNOW ABOUT THOSE E-MAILS BEFORE THEY CAME
THOSE E-MAILS BEFORE THEY CAME OUT?
OUT? >> ABSOLUTELY.
>> ABSOLUTELY. >> HE KNEW ABOUT THEM?
>> HE KNEW ABOUT THEM? >> YES.
>> YES. >> HE KNEW WHAT WAS COMING OUT
>> HE KNEW WHAT WAS COMING OUT BEFORE WICK YESKILEAKS RELEASED
BEFORE WICK YESKILEAKS RELEASED >> YES.
>> YES. >> ARE YOU SPECULATING?
>> ARE YOU SPECULATING? THAT, BY AND LARGE, THAT’S THE
THAT, BY AND LARGE, THAT’S THE MOST EXPLOSIVE ALLEGATION THAT
MOST EXPLOSIVE ALLEGATION THAT YOU’VE MADE.
YOU’VE MADE. AND IT’S NOT EVEN IN THE BOOK.
AND IT’S NOT EVEN IN THE BOOK. >> YES, THERE’S SOME THINGS THAT
>> YES, THERE’S SOME THINGS THAT ARE INVOLVED IN THIS
ARE INVOLVED IN THIS INVESTIGATION, THE MUELLER
INVESTIGATION, THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION, THAT I WAS VERY
INVESTIGATION, THAT I WAS VERY CAREFUL NOT TO PUT IN THE BOOK.
CAREFUL NOT TO PUT IN THE BOOK. >> YOU DO HAVE PROOF?
>> YOU DO HAVE PROOF? >> I CAN’T EVEN TALK ABOUT THE
>> I CAN’T EVEN TALK ABOUT THE THINGS THAT I TALKED WITH THEM.
THINGS THAT I TALKED WITH THEM. I CAN’T TALK ABOUT THE THINGS
I CAN’T TALK ABOUT THE THINGS I’VE SUBMITTED TO THEM.
I’VE SUBMITTED TO THEM. BUT I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT I
BUT I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT I FULLY CONTINUE TO COOPERATE WITH
FULLY CONTINUE TO COOPERATE WITH THIS INVESTIGATION.
THIS INVESTIGATION. >> AND YOU STAND BY WHAT YOU
>> AND YOU STAND BY WHAT YOU SAID ON OUR AIR A FEW DAYS AGO?
SAID ON OUR AIR A FEW DAYS AGO? >> I HAVE BEEN ABLE TO VERIFY
>> I HAVE BEEN ABLE TO VERIFY EVERY SINGLE THING THAT I PUT IN
EVERY SINGLE THING THAT I PUT IN THE BOOK.
THE BOOK. I’VE VERIFIED EVERYTHING I’VE
I’VE VERIFIED EVERYTHING I’VE STATED.
STATED. AND EVERY SINGLE TIME THE TRUMP
AND EVERY SINGLE TIME THE TRUMP PEOPLE CHALLENGE ME, I BRING THE
PEOPLE CHALLENGE ME, I BRING THE RECEIPTS.
RECEIPTS. >> AT FOX NEWS SAID EARLIER THIS
>> AT FOX NEWS SAID EARLIER THIS WEEK YOU HAVE, QUOTE, OUTSMARTED
WEEK YOU HAVE, QUOTE, OUTSMARTED THE PRESIDENT.
THE PRESIDENT. DO YOU AGREE?
DO YOU AGREE? >> HEY, IT’S THE ART OF THE
>> HEY, IT’S THE ART OF THE DEAL.
DEAL. >> WHAT’S THE END GAME HERE?
>> WHAT’S THE END GAME HERE? I MEAN, BECAUSE OUR
I MEAN, BECAUSE OUR UNDERSTANDING IS YOU HAVE MORE
UNDERSTANDING IS YOU HAVE MORE OF THESE RECORDINGS.
OF THESE RECORDINGS. ARE YOU PLANNING TO RELEASE ALL
ARE YOU PLANNING TO RELEASE ALL OF THE RECORDINGS OR ARE YOU
OF THE RECORDINGS OR ARE YOU PLANNING ON RELEASING SOME OF
PLANNING ON RELEASING SOME OF THE RECORDINGS?
THE RECORDINGS? HOW ARE YOU GOING TO DECIDE
HOW ARE YOU GOING TO DECIDE WHICH RECORDINGS TO RELEASE AND
WHICH RECORDINGS TO RELEASE AND WHEN TO RELEASE THEM?
WHEN TO RELEASE THEM? >> WELL, I’M NOW FACED WITH THIS
>> WELL, I’M NOW FACED WITH THIS LEGAL ACTION FROM THE PRESIDENT,
LEGAL ACTION FROM THE PRESIDENT, AN ATTEMPT TO SILENCE ME.
AN ATTEMPT TO SILENCE ME. YOU’D HAVE TO ASK THE QUESTION,
YOU’D HAVE TO ASK THE QUESTION, WHAT IS HE AFRAID OF?
WHAT IS HE AFRAID OF? WHY IS HE BEING SO AGGRESSIVE TO
WHY IS HE BEING SO AGGRESSIVE TO SHUT ME DOWN?
SHUT ME DOWN? AND WHY IS HE TRYING TO STOP THE
AND WHY IS HE TRYING TO STOP THE PUBLISHING OF THE BOOK?
PUBLISHING OF THE BOOK? WHAT DOES DONALD TRUMP HAVE TO
WHAT DOES DONALD TRUMP HAVE TO HIDE?
HIDE? ONE OF THE EARLIER RECORDINGS I
ONE OF THE EARLIER RECORDINGS I SHARED WITH YOU, YOU KNOW,
SHARED WITH YOU, YOU KNOW, GENERAL KELLY SAID THE STAFF AND
GENERAL KELLY SAID THE STAFF AND EVERYONE THAT WORKS THERE
EVERYONE THAT WORKS THERE ANSWERS TO HIM.
ANSWERS TO HIM. SO IS IT JOHN KELLY THAT’S
SO IS IT JOHN KELLY THAT’S RUNNING THE WHITE HOUSE OR
RUNNING THE WHITE HOUSE OR DONALD TRUMP?
DONALD TRUMP? IT SEEMS TO ME THAT THERE ARE
IT SEEMS TO ME THAT THERE ARE PEOPLE PULLING THE STRINGS
PEOPLE PULLING THE STRINGS BEHIND THE SCENES WITH DONALD
BEHIND THE SCENES WITH DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. WE HAVE TO QUESTION WHAT’S
WE HAVE TO QUESTION WHAT’S REALLY GOING ON OVER THERE.
REALLY GOING ON OVER THERE. >> SHORTLY BEFORE WE CAME ON THE
>> SHORTLY BEFORE WE CAME ON THE AIR THERE WAS A REPORT BY AN NBC
AIR THERE WAS A REPORT BY AN NBC CONTRIBUTOR WHO INDICATED
CONTRIBUTOR WHO INDICATED ACCORDING TO HIS SOURCES THE
ACCORDING TO HIS SOURCES THE PRESIDENT IS FUMING IN PRIVATE.
PRESIDENT IS FUMING IN PRIVATE. HE HAS ASKED HIS ATTORNEY
HE HAS ASKED HIS ATTORNEY GENERAL TO ARREST YOU.
GENERAL TO ARREST YOU. NOT CLEAR AT THIS POINT ON WHAT
NOT CLEAR AT THIS POINT ON WHAT CHARGES.
CHARGES. BUT HE’S ASKED THAT YOU BE
BUT HE’S ASKED THAT YOU BE ARRESTED.
ARRESTED. THERE’S AN EXCERPT FROM THE
THERE’S AN EXCERPT FROM THE ARTICLE THERE.
ARTICLE THERE. ARE YOU CONCERNED AT ALL ABOUT
ARE YOU CONCERNED AT ALL ABOUT BEING ARRESTED?
BEING ARRESTED? >> WELL, WHAT MR. NIXON -- I
>> WELL, WHAT MR. NIXON -- I MEAN MR. TRUMP DOES WILL BE
MEAN MR. TRUMP DOES WILL BE BROUGHT TO LIGHT.
BROUGHT TO LIGHT. EVERY ACTION THAT HE TAKES
EVERY ACTION THAT HE TAKES AGAINST ME JEOPARDIZES HIM AND
AGAINST ME JEOPARDIZES HIM AND HIS PRESIDENCY.
HIS PRESIDENCY. SO I THINK THAT YOU SHOULD WATCH
SO I THINK THAT YOU SHOULD WATCH HIS BEHAVIOR AND HOW HE’S
HIS BEHAVIOR AND HOW HE’S UNRAVELING.
UNRAVELING. AND I DON’T HAVE ANY FEAR.
AND I DON’T HAVE ANY FEAR. I HAVE A WHOLE COMMUNITY OF
I HAVE A WHOLE COMMUNITY OF FAITH THAT’S BEHIND ME, PRAYING
FAITH THAT’S BEHIND ME, PRAYING FOR ME.
FOR ME. AND NO MATTER WHO IS IN THE OVAL
AND NO MATTER WHO IS IN THE OVAL OFFICE, DONALD TRUMP NEEDS TO
OFFICE, DONALD TRUMP NEEDS TO REMEMBER THAT GOD IS STILL ON
REMEMBER THAT GOD IS STILL ON THE THRONE.
THE THRONE. >> YOU WROTE SOMETHING IN THE
>> YOU WROTE SOMETHING IN THE BOOK.
BOOK. I KNOW YOU GOT TO GO.
I KNOW YOU GOT TO GO. I WANT TO READ THIS EXCERPT.
I WANT TO READ THIS EXCERPT. THIS IS THE PART ABOUT THE CHIEF
THIS IS THE PART ABOUT THE CHIEF USHER THERE, ANGELA REID AND
USHER THERE, ANGELA REID AND THIS CAUGHT MY ATTENTION FOR A
THIS CAUGHT MY ATTENTION FOR A VARIETY OF REASONS.
VARIETY OF REASONS. ON MAY 5th.
ON MAY 5th. THE HEAD USHER OF THE WHITE
THE HEAD USHER OF THE WHITE HOUSE, ANGELA REID, THE FIRST
HOUSE, ANGELA REID, THE FIRST WOMAN AND SECOND
WOMAN AND SECOND AFRICAN-AMERICAN TO HOLD THAT
AFRICAN-AMERICAN TO HOLD THAT POSITION WAS FIRED.
POSITION WAS FIRED. ALTHOUGH REID WAS A CARRYOVER
ALTHOUGH REID WAS A CARRYOVER FROM OBAMA, HAVING HELD THE JOB
FROM OBAMA, HAVING HELD THE JOB SINCE 2011, IT WAS NOT
SINCE 2011, IT WAS NOT CONSIDERED A POLITICAL POSITION
CONSIDERED A POLITICAL POSITION AND IT WAS UNUSUAL FOR AN
AND IT WAS UNUSUAL FOR AN INCOMING PRESIDENT TO FIRE AN
INCOMING PRESIDENT TO FIRE AN USHER.
USHER. I WAS UPSET BECAUSE IT MEANT ONE
I WAS UPSET BECAUSE IT MEANT ONE LESS BLACK WOMAN IN THE BUILDING
LESS BLACK WOMAN IN THE BUILDING LESS THAN TRUMP FIRED SINGLETON.
LESS THAN TRUMP FIRED SINGLETON. BECAUSE OF AN ARTICLE HE’D
BECAUSE OF AN ARTICLE HE’D WRITTEN FOR THE HILL THAT WAS
WRITTEN FOR THE HILL THAT WAS CRITICAL OF TRUMP.
CRITICAL OF TRUMP. I MADE A POINT OF ASKING
I MADE A POINT OF ASKING EVERYONE ON THE SENIOR STAFF
EVERYONE ON THE SENIOR STAFF ABOUT REID’S FIRING.
ABOUT REID’S FIRING. QUOTE, WE CAN’T KEEP GETTING RID
QUOTE, WE CAN’T KEEP GETTING RID OF BLACK PEOPLE FOR FLIMSY
OF BLACK PEOPLE FOR FLIMSY REASONS, I TOLD A NUMBER OF
REASONS, I TOLD A NUMBER OF PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. AS COMS DIRECTOR FOR OPL, OFFICE
AS COMS DIRECTOR FOR OPL, OFFICE OF PUBLIC LIAISON, I NEED TO
OF PUBLIC LIAISON, I NEED TO EXPLAIN WHY THIS WOMAN WAS LET
EXPLAIN WHY THIS WOMAN WAS LET GO.
GO. THE OFFICIAL LINE, WE DON’T
THE OFFICIAL LINE, WE DON’T DISCUSS PERSONNEL MATTERS.
DISCUSS PERSONNEL MATTERS. THE UNOFFICIAL LINE THAT SHE
THE UNOFFICIAL LINE THAT SHE WASN’T VERY WELL LIKED AND
WASN’T VERY WELL LIKED AND ALLEGEDLY TRUMP DIDN’T APPROVE
ALLEGEDLY TRUMP DIDN’T APPROVE OF HER HANDLING OF HIS TANNING
OF HER HANDLING OF HIS TANNING BED.
BED. I’D HEARD HE WAS UNHAPPY WITH
I’D HEARD HE WAS UNHAPPY WITH HER EFFORTS TO PROCURE THE BED,
HER EFFORTS TO PROCURE THE BED, TO BRING IT INTO THE EAST WING
TO BRING IT INTO THE EAST WING SECURELY, TO FIND A DISCRETE
SECURELY, TO FIND A DISCRETE PLACE FOR IT AND TO SET IT UP
PLACE FOR IT AND TO SET IT UP PROPERLY.
PROPERLY. ALSO APPARENTLY REID JUST HATED
ALSO APPARENTLY REID JUST HATED HIM AND DIDN’T HIDE HER FEELINGS
HIM AND DIDN’T HIDE HER FEELINGS ABOUT IT.
ABOUT IT. ARE YOU ALLEGING THAT THE
ARE YOU ALLEGING THAT THE PRESIDENT FIRED THIS WOMAN
PRESIDENT FIRED THIS WOMAN BECAUSE SHE COULDN’T SECRETLY
BECAUSE SHE COULDN’T SECRETLY GET THE TANNING BED INTO THE
GET THE TANNING BED INTO THE WHITE HOUSE?
WHITE HOUSE? AND THAT SHE DIDN’T LIKE THE
AND THAT SHE DIDN’T LIKE THE PRESIDENT?
PRESIDENT? IS THAT THE ALLEGATION?
IS THAT THE ALLEGATION? >> THAT’S ACTUALLY WHAT I
>> THAT’S ACTUALLY WHAT I OUTLINED IN THE BOOK.
OUTLINED IN THE BOOK. THIS IS A PART OF THE PALACE
THIS IS A PART OF THE PALACE INTRIGUE THAT I MADE SURE THAT
INTRIGUE THAT I MADE SURE THAT PEOPLE WERE AWARE OF.
PEOPLE WERE AWARE OF. HEY, LET’S JUST ALL SAY THAT
HEY, LET’S JUST ALL SAY THAT DONALD TRUMP’S COMPLEX IS
DONALD TRUMP’S COMPLEX IS NATURAL.
NATURAL. LET’S JUST ALL AGREE ON THAT.
LET’S JUST ALL AGREE ON THAT. OR LET’S JUST IMAGINE THAT HE
OR LET’S JUST IMAGINE THAT HE LAYS OUT ON THE BALCONY IN THE
LAYS OUT ON THE BALCONY IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
WHITE HOUSE. WHATEVER THE CASE IS.
WHATEVER THE CASE IS. HE FIRED THIS WOMAN WITHOUT A
HE FIRED THIS WOMAN WITHOUT A REAL REASON.
REAL REASON. AND IT’S JUST A PATTERN OF HOW
AND IT’S JUST A PATTERN OF HOW THIS WHITE HOUSE BEHAVES.
THIS WHITE HOUSE BEHAVES. >> THE RNC IS AWARE OF YOUR
>> THE RNC IS AWARE OF YOUR PUBLIC APPEARANCES PROMOTING THE
PUBLIC APPEARANCES PROMOTING THE BOOK.
BOOK. ANY HAVE -- I THINK THEY DROPPED
ANY HAVE -- I THINK THEY DROPPED THIS VIDEO MAYBE 20 MINUTES AGO.
THIS VIDEO MAYBE 20 MINUTES AGO. WE WANT TO PLAY A SNIPPET.
WE WANT TO PLAY A SNIPPET. I WANT TO GET YOUR REACTION TO
I WANT TO GET YOUR REACTION TO THIS VIDEO.
THIS VIDEO. >> DONALD TRUMP DECLARED HE WAS
>> DONALD TRUMP DECLARED HE WAS GOING TO RUN.
GOING TO RUN. YOU ALL KNOW HIM AS THE
YOU ALL KNOW HIM AS THE PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. I KNOW HIM AS A FRIEND.
I KNOW HIM AS A FRIEND. I KNOW HIS HEART.
I KNOW HIS HEART. DONALD TRUMP IS A TRAIL BLAZER
DONALD TRUMP IS A TRAIL BLAZER OF WOMEN’S ISSUES.
OF WOMEN’S ISSUES. NOT ONLY I SUPPORT HIM AS A
NOT ONLY I SUPPORT HIM AS A HUMAN BEING WHO HAS INCREDIBLE
HUMAN BEING WHO HAS INCREDIBLE CHARACTER AND A GREAT VISION,
CHARACTER AND A GREAT VISION, BUT HIS POLICIES AFFECT MY
BUT HIS POLICIES AFFECT MY COMMUNITY WHERE I LIVE IN LOS
COMMUNITY WHERE I LIVE IN LOS ANGELES AND THAT’S REALLY WHY I
ANGELES AND THAT’S REALLY WHY I STAND BY HIM.
STAND BY HIM. AND I BELIEVE THAT YOU WILL SEE
AND I BELIEVE THAT YOU WILL SEE THAT THIS PRESIDENT IS GOING TO
THAT THIS PRESIDENT IS GOING TO BE INCREDIBLE FOR THIS COUNTRY
BE INCREDIBLE FOR THIS COUNTRY AND I AM EXCITED ABOUT WHAT’S
AND I AM EXCITED ABOUT WHAT’S HAPPENING WITH THIS
HAPPENING WITH THIS ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. I’M VERY HONORED TO BE A PART OF
I’M VERY HONORED TO BE A PART OF IT.
IT. HE WAS THE RIGHT CHOICE FOR
HE WAS THE RIGHT CHOICE FOR AMERICA.
AMERICA. WHEN I SAY TRUMP TRAIN, I WANT
WHEN I SAY TRUMP TRAIN, I WANT YOU TO SAY CHOO-CHOO.
YOU TO SAY CHOO-CHOO. YA’LL READY.
YA’LL READY. TRUMP TRAIN.
TRUMP TRAIN. >> CHEW CHEW.
>> CHEW CHEW. >> TRUMP TRAIN.
>> TRUMP TRAIN. >> CHOO CHOO.
>> CHOO CHOO. >> TRUMP, TRUMP.
>> TRUMP, TRUMP. >> WE SHOULD NOTE, YOU’RE
>> WE SHOULD NOTE, YOU’RE STANDING NEXT TO LARA TRUMP IN
STANDING NEXT TO LARA TRUMP IN THAT VIDEO.
THAT VIDEO. HOW DO YOU SQUARE THAT WITH
HOW DO YOU SQUARE THAT WITH THIS?
THIS? HOW HARD IS IT FOR YOU TO SIT
HOW HARD IS IT FOR YOU TO SIT THERE AND WATCH THAT OMAROSA?
THERE AND WATCH THAT OMAROSA? >> FIRST OF ALL, I COMPLETELY
>> FIRST OF ALL, I COMPLETELY UNDERSTAND WHY THEY WOULD PUT
UNDERSTAND WHY THEY WOULD PUT THIS COMPILATION TOGETHER.
THIS COMPILATION TOGETHER. BECAUSE I’M ONE OF THE FEW
BECAUSE I’M ONE OF THE FEW AFRICAN-AMERICANS IN HIS ORBIT.
AFRICAN-AMERICANS IN HIS ORBIT. YES, THEY PUT THEIR GREATEST
YES, THEY PUT THEIR GREATEST HITS TOGETHER AND THAT WOULD
HITS TOGETHER AND THAT WOULD COMPILE ABOUT .0% OF THE
COMPILE ABOUT .0% OF THE DIVERSITY THEY HAVE AT THE RNC.
DIVERSITY THEY HAVE AT THE RNC. THEY KEEP RERUNNING THAT VIDEO
THEY KEEP RERUNNING THAT VIDEO BECAUSE THAT WAS THE BEST THING
BECAUSE THAT WAS THE BEST THING THAT HAPPENED TO THIS
THAT HAPPENED TO THIS ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. I AM NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
I AM NOT GOING ANYWHERE. I’M NOT GOING TO BE BULLIED.
I’M NOT GOING TO BE BULLIED. I’M NOT INTIMIDATED.
I’M NOT INTIMIDATED. AND I’M GOING TO GO TOE-TO-TOE
AND I’M GOING TO GO TOE-TO-TOE WITH HIM.
WITH HIM. EVERYTHING HE THROWS AT ME.
EVERYTHING HE THROWS AT ME. BELIEVE ME, MY TAPES ARE MUCH
BELIEVE ME, MY TAPES ARE MUCH BETTER THAN THEIRS.
BETTER THAN THEIRS. >> YOU’RE GOING TO RELEASE MORE
>> YOU’RE GOING TO RELEASE MORE TAPES?
TAPES? >> IF I NEED TO.
>> IF I NEED TO. I’LL DO WHAT I NEED TO DO TO
I’LL DO WHAT I NEED TO DO TO PROTECT MYSELF.
PROTECT MYSELF. >> HOW DO YOU DETERMINE WHETHER
>> HOW DO YOU DETERMINE WHETHER YOU NEED TO?
YOU NEED TO? >> WE’LL SEE.
>> WE’LL SEE. HE’S TRYING TO INTIMIDATE MY
HE’S TRYING TO INTIMIDATE MY PUBLISHER, TRYING TO INTIMIDATE
PUBLISHER, TRYING TO INTIMIDATE ME.